[go_router] Fix redirect being called with empty location for unknown routes (#3548)
flutter/packages: packages/go_router/CHANGELOG.md

## 6.5.1

> * Fix redirect being called with empty location for unknown routes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixes redirect being called with an empty location for unknown routes.
```
